this is in a CPP Summit we'd like to
recognize those individuals who make
significant contributions to our cause
now CPT or color people's time in the
black community that's been maintained
for hundreds of years a fire system that
encourages tardiness and places no
strong value on punctuality well is six
now na CPT helps inspire this great
nation of blacks to get somewhere when
they won't do and not when they have to
tonight we are honoring Jessie hanta
okay well now I know that our keynote
speakers here cuz we told him his speech
was yesterday and he just got here five
minutes ago
welcome dusty Johnson you got Pacific
Standard Time
we got daylight savings time you can't
tell me nothing about
now time is on my side yeah what time we
got brother I'm saying baby now I'm
ladies all get-out but I'll tell you one
thing I'm les
now look I just got word that our other
speaker isn't gonna make it today but he
is gonna appear via satellite so here is
my Greenwood hey hey sorry I couldn't be
there with you but uh I just woke up and
he picked out what I'm gonna wear yet
and beside the cable man posed to be
coming through and they told me sometime
between 4:00 and 6:00 but I don't think
him brother so you know ain't gonna get
here to tell you good hey look hey if
it's nothing else I'm gonna see y'all
led to add the party okay now I will
close by saying we've been late to the
past yeah well leaked in the press we
said we was coming didn't we sorry we
don't